README.md, before:

# Application Model

`application_model` package generate application score for new customers.

- [Documentation](https://scudraservicos.github.io/application_model/)

## Installation

[PyPI Package](https://pypi.org/project/application_model/)

```bash
$ pip install application_model
```

## How to use

`generate_application_score` function can be used to generate the application score as follows:

```python
import json
from application_model.application_model import generate_application_score

payload = """
    {
       "ume-profession":"COSTUREIRA",
       "ume-zipcode":69059192.0,
       "ume-age_on_application":63.0,
       "ume-segment":"Móveis",
       "ume-retailer":"apa-moveis",
       "ume-state":"AMAZONAS",
       "bvsIncome-CLASSRENDAV2":6.0,
       "bvsIncome-RendaPresumida":1700.0,
       "bvsP5-Score":0.3009,
       "bvsSubP5-Fintechs":0.4499,
       "bvsSubP5-CartaoCredito":0.3950,
       "bvsSubP5-CreditoPessoal":0.4589,
       "bvsSubP5-VAR_MoveisEletrodomesticos":0.3379,
       "bvsSubP5-VAR_VestuarioAcessorios":0.2430,
       "bvsSubP5-FinancialmentoVeiculos":0.4199
    }
"""

# the payload needs to be casted to json format 
payload_json = json.loads(payload)

# get the score from the payload
score = generate_application_score(payload_json)
```

## Data source

Origin of Ume's attributes

1. **ume-profession**: Ume profession model colected during the customer application. 
2. **ume-zipcode**: Zipcode in numerical format.
3. **ume-age_on_application**: Customer age.
4. **ume-segment**: Data extracted from column `name` in table `prd-ume-data.prd_datastore_public.retailer_categories`.
5. **ume-retailer**: Data extracted from column `name` in table `tabela prd-ume-data.prd_datastore_public.retailers`.
6. **ume-state**: Full name in upper case (e.g. PARÁ).

The Bvs's attributes are extracted from BVS Api. Bellow are the instructions that map the payload names to real names in BVS API.

1. **bvsIncome-CLASSRENDAV2**: `CLASSRENDAV2`
2. **bvsIncome-RendaPresumida**: `RNDRPRPNMMESPFLGBREGV2`
3. **bvsP5-Score**: `SCRCRDPNM06MPFLGBCLFALLV5`
4. **bvsSubP5-Fintechs**: `SCRCRDPNM06MPFLGBCLFBCDV2`
5. **bvsSubP5-CartaoCredito**: `SCRCRDPNMCCRPFLGBCLFBVSV3`
6. **bvsSubP5-CreditoPessoal**: `SCRCRDPNMCRPPFLGBCLFBVSV3`
7. **bvsSubP5-VAR_MoveisEletrodomesticos**: `SCRCRDPNMVARPFLGBCLFBVSV3`
8. **bvsSubP5-VAR_VestuarioAcessorios**: `SCRCRDPNMVARPFLGBCLFBVSV2`
9. **bvsSubP5-FinancialmentoVeiculos**: `SCRCRDPNMVEIPFLGBCLFBVSV3`

## License

`application_model` was created by Wesllen Sousa Lima in Ume corporation. It is licensed under the terms of the Proprietary license.

## Credits

`application_model` was created with [`cookiecutter`](https://cookiecutter.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) and the `py-pkgs-cookiecutter` [template](https://github.com/py-pkgs/py-pkgs-cookiecutter).

Commit message:

docs: add training info to readme

README.md, after:

# Application Model

`application_model` package generate application score for new customers.

Training details:
1. **Cohorts**: from 2022-01 to 2023-04
2. **Target**: over60mob6
3. **Features set**: Ume, Bvs-Income, Bvs-P5 and Bvs-P5-Subscores

More details in [Documentation](https://scudraservicos.github.io/application_model/)

## Installation

[PyPI Package](https://pypi.org/project/application_model/)

```bash
$ pip install application_model
```

## How to use

`generate_application_score` function can be used to generate the application score as follows:

```python
import json
from application_model.application_model import generate_application_score

payload = """
    {
       "ume-profession":"COSTUREIRA",
       "ume-zipcode":69059192.0,
       "ume-age_on_application":63.0,
       "ume-segment":"Móveis",
       "ume-retailer":"apa-moveis",
       "ume-state":"AMAZONAS",
       "bvsIncome-CLASSRENDAV2":6.0,
       "bvsIncome-RendaPresumida":1700.0,
       "bvsP5-Score":0.3009,
       "bvsSubP5-Fintechs":0.4499,
       "bvsSubP5-CartaoCredito":0.3950,
       "bvsSubP5-CreditoPessoal":0.4589,
       "bvsSubP5-VAR_MoveisEletrodomesticos":0.3379,
       "bvsSubP5-VAR_VestuarioAcessorios":0.2430,
       "bvsSubP5-FinancialmentoVeiculos":0.4199
    }
"""

# the payload needs to be casted to json format 
payload_json = json.loads(payload)

# get the score from the payload
score = generate_application_score(payload_json)
```

## Data source

Origin of Ume's attributes

1. **ume-profession**: Ume profession model colected during the customer application. 
2. **ume-zipcode**: Zipcode in numerical format.
3. **ume-age_on_application**: Customer age.
4. **ume-segment**: Data extracted from column `name` in table `prd-ume-data.prd_datastore_public.retailer_categories`.
5. **ume-retailer**: Data extracted from column `name` in table `tabela prd-ume-data.prd_datastore_public.retailers`.
6. **ume-state**: Full name in upper case (e.g. PARÁ).

The Bvs's attributes are extracted from BVS API. Bellow are the instructions that map the payload names to real names.

1. **bvsIncome-CLASSRENDAV2**: `CLASSRENDAV2`
2. **bvsIncome-RendaPresumida**: `RNDRPRPNMMESPFLGBREGV2`
3. **bvsP5-Score**: `SCRCRDPNM06MPFLGBCLFALLV5`
4. **bvsSubP5-Fintechs**: `SCRCRDPNM06MPFLGBCLFBCDV2`
5. **bvsSubP5-CartaoCredito**: `SCRCRDPNMCCRPFLGBCLFBVSV3`
6. **bvsSubP5-CreditoPessoal**: `SCRCRDPNMCRPPFLGBCLFBVSV3`
7. **bvsSubP5-VAR_MoveisEletrodomesticos**: `SCRCRDPNMVARPFLGBCLFBVSV3`
8. **bvsSubP5-VAR_VestuarioAcessorios**: `SCRCRDPNMVARPFLGBCLFBVSV2`
9. **bvsSubP5-FinancialmentoVeiculos**: `SCRCRDPNMVEIPFLGBCLFBVSV3`

## License

`application_model` was created by Wesllen Sousa Lima in Ume corporation. It is licensed under the terms of the Proprietary license.

## Credits

`application_model` was created with [`cookiecutter`](https://cookiecutter.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) and the `py-pkgs-cookiecutter` [template](https://github.com/py-pkgs/py-pkgs-cookiecutter).
